Intent,Example
Greet,Hi
Greet,Hello
Greet,Hey there
Greet,Good morning
Greet,Howdy
Greet,Hi there
Greet,Hey
Greet,Good afternoon
Greet,Hello there
Greet,Hi how can I help you?
Greet,Good to see you
Greet,Hey what's up?
Greet,Hiya
Greet,Hey how are you doing?
Greet,Hello nice to meet you
Greet,Hi how's it going?
Greet,Hey buddy
Greet,Hi how have you been?
Greet,Hello how's everything?
Greet,Hey there how can I assist you?
Greet,Hi friend
Greet,Hello what's new?
Greet,Hey long time no see
Greet,Hi what's happening?
Greet,Hello it's good to talk to you
Greet,Hey what have you been up to?
Greet,Hi nice to see you
Greet,Hello how's your day going?
Farewell,Goodbye
Farewell,See you later
Farewell,Take care
Farewell,Bye for now
Farewell,Have a good one
Farewell,Bye
Farewell,Until next time
Farewell,See you soon
Farewell,Adios
Farewell,Take it easy
Farewell,Take care now
Farewell,Bye bye
Farewell,Until we meet again
Farewell,Goodnight
Farewell,So long
Farewell,See you tomorrow
Farewell,Have a great day
Farewell,See ya
Farewell,Bye for now
Farewell,Until later
Farewell,Catch you later
Farewell,Goodbye for now
Farewell,Until next time
Farewell,Take care of yourself
Farewell,Take it easy now
Inquiry,What's the weather like today?
Inquiry,Can you tell me the time?
Inquiry,Where is the nearest restaurant?
Inquiry,How do I get to the nearest bus stop?
Inquiry,What are the top tourist attractions?
Inquiry,What's the latest news?
Inquiry,How many calories in a banana?
Inquiry,Who won the game last night?
Inquiry,Where can I find a good book?
Inquiry,What's the best pizza place in town?
Inquiry,Where can I buy tickets?
Inquiry,What's the capital of France?
Inquiry,How do I reset my password?
Inquiry,What's the meaning of this word?
Inquiry,Where can I rent a car?
Inquiry,What's the closest pharmacy?
Inquiry,How far is the nearest airport?
Inquiry,Where can I find a good cup of coffee?
Inquiry,What's the best way to learn Python?
Inquiry,What's the population of New York City?
Inquiry,What's the exchange rate for euros?
Inquiry,How do I make a reservation?
Inquiry,What's the best hiking trail?
Inquiry,How do I contact customer support?
Inquiry,Where is the nearest gas station?
Inquiry,What's the fastest way to get to downtown?
Feedback,This service is great!
Feedback,I'm satisfied with the support.
Feedback,The response time was excellent.
Feedback,Your assistance was very helpful.
Feedback,I appreciate your help.
Feedback,Thanks for your help.
Feedback,I'm happy with the outcome.
Feedback,You did a fantastic job.
Feedback,The service exceeded my expectations.
Feedback,I'm really pleased with the service.
Feedback,Great job keep it up!
Feedback,Your team is doing an excellent job.
Feedback,Excellent service thank you.
Feedback,You've been very helpful thanks.
Feedback,Thanks for going above and beyond.
Feedback,The support team is very responsive.
Feedback,The assistance provided was exceptional.
Feedback,Thank you for your prompt response.
Feedback,Your help was invaluable thank you.
Feedback,I'm impressed with the quality of service.
Feedback,You've been very professional thanks.
Complaint,I'm unhappy with the product.
Complaint,The service was terrible.
Complaint,My order was incorrect.
Complaint,The quality of the product is poor.
Complaint,I'm disappointed with the experience.
Complaint,The customer service was unsatisfactory.
Complaint,There was a problem with my order.
Complaint,I'm dissatisfied with the outcome.
Complaint,The delivery was late.
Complaint,The product didn't meet my expectations.
Complaint,I've had a bad experience with your company.
Complaint,The website is difficult to navigate.
Complaint,The service was below par.
Complaint,There was a mistake in my bill.
Complaint,The product is defective.
Complaint,I'm frustrated with the service.
Complaint,The customer support was unhelpful.
Complaint,The experience was disappointing.
Complaint,There was an error in my order.
Complaint,The product didn't work as expected.
Request,Can you provide more information?
Request,Please send me the details.
Request,I need assistance with this issue.
Request,Could you help me with this problem?
Request,Please clarify this point.
Request,Can you explain this further?
Request,I'm requesting additional support.
Request,Please assist me with this matter.
Request,Can you help me understand this?
Request,Please provide further details.
Request,Can you explain how this works?
Request,Can you assist me with this issue?
Request,Please give me more information about this.
Request,I'm looking for help with this issue.
Request,Can you guide me through this process?
Request,Can you provide a solution for this problem?
Request,Please help me resolve this issue.
Request,Can you give me some advice on this?
Request,Please provide assistance with this problem.
Request,I'm seeking help with this matter.
Request,Can you provide support for this issue?
Navigation,Go to settings
Navigation,Show me more options
Navigation,Can I see previous results
Navigation,Take me back
Navigation,Restart from the beginning
Navigation,Open a new search
Navigation,Can we explore a different topic
Navigation,Is there anything else I can help you with
Navigation,Show me help options
Navigation,What can I do here
Navigation,Can I navigate by voice
Navigation,Skip this step
Navigation,Move on to the next section
Navigation,Can I come back to this later
Navigation,Save my progress
Navigation,Is there a way to customize this
Navigation,Show advanced options
Navigation,Open the main menu
Navigation,Can I search by specific criteria
Navigation,Filter by category
Navigation,Sort by date
Navigation,Can I see related content
Navigation,Open this in a new window
Navigation,Print this page
Navigation,Can I share this
Navigation,Logout
Navigation,Exit program
Navigation,Close this window
Navigation,Take a break
Confirmation,You got it!
Confirmation,No problem I understand.
Confirmation,Absolutely consider it done.
Confirmation,Sounds perfect let's move forward.
Confirmation,Crystal clear we're on the same page.
Confirmation,That's great thanks for clarifying.
Confirmation,I can definitely confirm that.
Confirmation,No worries everything is set.
Confirmation,Glad to hear we're in agreement.
Confirmation,Excellent let's get started.
Confirmation,You bet I've got it covered.
Confirmation,Sounds like a plan ready when you are.
Confirmation,Perfect we can proceed with confidence.
Confirmation,Absolutely! Let me know if you have any further questions.
Confirmation,That's exactly what I understood.
Confirmation,No problem at all I'm happy to confirm.
Confirmation,I've double-checked and everything looks good to go.
Confirmation,Consider it confirmed you can rely on it.
Confirmation,Sounds fantastic let's make it happen.
Confirmation,You've got it everything is confirmed on my end.
Confirmation,That's a great choice I'm happy to confirm that for you.
Confirmation,No sweat I've taken care of the confirmation.
Confirmation,Positive confirmation we're all set.
Confirmation,Excellent let's move forward with this plan.
Confirmation,You're all good everything is confirmed as requested.
Confirmation,Sounds like a deal let's get this done!
Confirmation,Absolutely confirmed you can count on it.
Confirmation,No problem I've got your confirmation right here.
Confirmation,We're on the same page everything is confirmed.
Feedback,This is incredibly helpful thank you for your assistance.
Feedback,The accuracy of the results is impressive.
Feedback,I found the overall experience to be quite user-friendly.
Feedback,This system has made my work process much more efficient.
Feedback,I would really appreciate it if you could add a feature for ...
Feedback,The design of the interface is very clean and intuitive.
Feedback,It would be great if the system could provide more detailed explanations.
Feedback,Overall I'm very satisfied with the performance of this tool.
Feedback,I would definitely recommend this system to others.
Feedback,The search functionality is particularly powerful and effective.
Feedback,It's clear that a lot of thought and effort went into developing this system.
Feedback,I'm having a little trouble understanding some of the terminology used.
Feedback,The response time is very fast which is much appreciated.
Feedback,I would love to see more customization options available.
Feedback,This is a valuable resource that I will be using frequently.
Feedback,The integration with other tools is seamless and convenient.
Feedback,There's a slight learning curve but overall it's easy to pick up.
Feedback,I'm impressed with the level of detail provided in the results.
Feedback,It would be helpful if there were some video tutorials available.
Feedback,This system is a great example of innovative technology.
Feedback,I can see the potential for this system to have a significant impact.
Feedback,The customer support team was very responsive and helpful.
Feedback,I'm excited to see how this system continues to develop in the future.
Feedback,This is exactly what I was looking for thank you!
Feedback,The data visualization tools are very informative and easy to understand.
Feedback,I would be happy to provide additional feedback if needed.
Feedback,This system has exceeded my expectations in many ways.
Feedback,I'm confident that this system will be a valuable asset to my work.
Feedback,The overall user experience is very positive.
Complaint,I'm unable to find the information I'm looking for.
Complaint,The instructions are confusing and difficult to follow.
Complaint,The system keeps asking me to repeat myself.
Complaint,The voice recognition feature isn't working properly.
Complaint,This feature is missing functionality that I need.
Complaint,The loading times are very slow and frustrating.
Complaint,The system crashed while I was in the middle of a task.
Complaint,I'm disappointed with the limited number of customization options.
Complaint,The data visualizations are difficult to interpret.
Complaint,I don't feel like the system understands my questions.
Complaint,The customer support wait times are too long.
Complaint,I'm not receiving any notifications about updates.
Complaint,The system seems biased towards certain viewpoints.
Complaint,The interface is cluttered and overwhelming.
Complaint,I'm concerned about the security of my personal information.
Complaint,This feature seems buggy and unreliable.
Complaint,The system keeps logging me out unexpectedly.
Complaint,I'm frustrated with the lack of progress on fixing known issues.
Complaint,The system is not accessible for users with disabilities.
Complaint,The pricing model is too expensive for my needs.
Complaint,The terms of service are unclear and restrictive.
Complaint,I'm not satisfied with the quality of the customer service I received.
Complaint,The system feels outdated and in need of an upgrade.
Complaint,I'm disappointed with the overall performance of this tool.
Complaint,This feature feels like a step backwards from previous versions.
Complaint,The system is not meeting my expectations.
Complaint,I feel like I'm wasting my time trying to use this system.
Complaint,The system is not user-friendly at all.
Complaint,I regret purchasing this product.
Complaint,This is the worst experience I've had with a software program.
Feedback,The search results for 'pizza' were excellent!
Feedback,The layout of the dashboard could be improved for better readability.
Feedback,Adding a tutorial for beginners would be very helpful.
Feedback,I'd love to see a feature that allows users to create custom reports.
Feedback,This system is much faster than the previous version I used.
Feedback,The customer service here is far more responsive than others.
Feedback,This app has been a lifesaver for me!
Feedback,I'm a bit frustrated by the limited functionality of this feature.
Feedback,The overall user experience is satisfactory.
Feedback,The performance of the system seems average.
Feedback,This feature is very helpful and informative.
Feedback,The design of the interface is clean and user-friendly.
Feedback,It would be great if the system could provide more context in the results.
Feedback,I'm impressed with the level of detail provided in the explanations.
Feedback,The data visualization tools are very clear and easy to understand.
Feedback,I would be happy to provide more feedback if needed in the future.
Feedback,This system has exceeded my expectations in many ways.
Feedback,I'm confident that this system will be a valuable asset to my work.
Feedback,The overall user experience is very positive.
Complaint,I'm getting an error message whenever I try to upload a file.
Complaint,The audio quality on the video call is very poor.
Complaint,Having to log in every time is quite annoying.
Complaint,The long wait times for customer support are unacceptable.
Complaint,The website is not accessible for users with visual impairments.
Complaint,The lack of language options makes it difficult for me to use this system.
Complaint,The product description did not accurately reflect its capabilities.
Complaint,The advertised features are not actually available.
Complaint,I'm concerned about the privacy policies of this app.
Complaint,The system seems biased towards certain demographics.
Complaint,The app keeps crashing unexpectedly.
Complaint,I'm frustrated with the lack of progress on fixing known issues.
Complaint,The system is not accessible for users with disabilities.
Complaint,The pricing model is too expensive for my needs.
Complaint,The terms of service are unclear and restrictive.
Complaint,I'm not satisfied with the quality of the customer service I received.
Complaint,The system feels outdated and in need of an upgrade.
Complaint,I regret purchasing this product.
Confirmation,You got it!
Confirmation,No problem I understand.
Confirmation,Absolutely consider it done.
Confirmation,Sounds perfect let's move forward.
Confirmation,Crystal clear we're on the same page.
Confirmation,That's great thanks for clarifying.
Confirmation,I can definitely confirm that.
Confirmation,No worries everything is set.
Confirmation,Glad to hear we're in agreement.
Confirmation,Excellent let's get started.
Confirmation,You bet I've got it covered.
Confirmation,Sounds like a plan ready when you are.
Confirmation,Perfect we can proceed with confidence.
Confirmation,Absolutely! Let me know if you have any further questions.
Confirmation,That's exactly what I understood.
Confirmation,No problem at all I'm happy to confirm.
Confirmation,I've double-checked and everything looks good to go.
Confirmation,Consider it confirmed you can rely on it.
Confirmation,Sounds fantastic let's make it happen.
Confirmation,You've got it everything is confirmed on my end.
Confirmation,That's a great choice I'm happy to confirm that for you.
Confirmation,No sweat I've taken care of the confirmation.
Confirmation,Positive confirmation we're all set.
Confirmation,Excellent let's move forward with this plan.
Confirmation,You're all good everything is confirmed as requested.
Confirmation,Sounds like a deal let's get this done!
Confirmation,Absolutely confirmed you can count on it.
Confirmation,No problem I've got your confirmation right here.
Confirmation,We're on the same page everything is confirmed.
Feedback,This is incredibly helpful thank you for your assistance.
Feedback,The accuracy of the results is impressive.
Feedback,I found the overall experience to be quite user-friendly.
Feedback,This system has made my work process much more efficient.
Feedback,I would really appreciate it if you could add a feature for ...
Feedback,The design of the interface is very clean and intuitive.
Feedback,It would be great if the system could provide more detailed explanations.
Feedback,Overall I'm very satisfied with the performance of this tool.
Feedback,I would definitely recommend this system to others.
Feedback,The search functionality is particularly powerful and effective.
Feedback,It's clear that a lot of thought and effort went into developing this system.
Feedback,I'm having a little trouble understanding some of the terminology used.
Feedback,The response time is very fast which is much appreciated.
Feedback,I would love to see more customization options available.
Feedback,This is a valuable resource that I will be using frequently.
Feedback,The integration with other tools is seamless and convenient.
Feedback,There's a slight learning curve but overall it's easy to pick up.
Feedback,I'm impressed with the level of detail provided in the results.
Feedback,It would be helpful if there were some video tutorials available.
Feedback,This system is a great example of innovative technology.
Feedback,I can see the potential for this system to have a significant impact.
Feedback,The customer support team was very responsive and helpful.
Feedback,I'm excited to see how this system continues to develop in the future.
Feedback,This is exactly what I was looking for thank you!
Feedback,The data visualization tools are very informative and easy to understand.
Feedback,I would be happy to provide additional feedback if needed.
Feedback,This system has exceeded my expectations in many ways.
Feedback,I'm confident that this system will be a valuable asset to my work.
Feedback,The overall user experience is very positive.
Navigation,Open my calendar.
Navigation,Go back to the search results.
Navigation,Can I see my recent browsing history?
Navigation,Take me to the settings page.
Navigation,Is there a way to filter these results?
Navigation,Can I sort these items by price?
Navigation,Show me more options for travel destinations.
Navigation,Is there a help section available?
Navigation,Can I access this information in a different format?
Navigation,Open a new tab to search for flights.
Navigation,Can I bookmark this page for later?
Navigation,Is there a way to print this document?
Navigation,Can I share this article with a friend?
Navigation,Log me out of this account.
Navigation,Close this window and return to the main menu.
Navigation,Can I take a break and come back to this later?
Navigation,Is there a way to save my progress on this task?
Navigation,Can I customize the layout of this page?
Navigation,Show me advanced search options.
Navigation,Can I search by specific criteria like brand or color?
Navigation,Is there a way to refine my search query?
Navigation,Can I see related content to this topic?
Navigation,Open this link in a new window.
Navigation,Can I navigate using voice commands?
Navigation,Skip this step and move on to the next section.
Navigation,Can I go back and edit my previous answer?
Navigation,Is there a way to provide feedback on this system?
Navigation,Can I access my account information?
Navigation,Show me a tutorial on how to use this feature.
Request,Can you summarize this article for me?
Request,I'd like to schedule a meeting for tomorrow at 2 pm.
Request,Could you please translate this text into Spanish?
Request,Is there a way to contact customer service?
Request,Can you recommend some restaurants near me that serve Italian food?
Request,I'd like to set an alarm for 7 am tomorrow morning.
Request,Could you show me pictures of different dog breeds?
Request,Can you help me find a recipe for chocolate chip cookies?
Request,I'd like to book a hotel room in Paris for next weekend.
Request,Is there a way to play music on this device?
Request,Could you show me the weather forecast for the next week?
Request,I'd like to see a definition for the word "ambiguous."
Request,Can you help me find a gift for my mother's birthday?
Request,I'd like to order a ride-sharing service to take me to the airport.
Request,Could you show me a map of the city center?
Request,Is there a way to add this item to my shopping cart?
Request,I'd like to see a list of upcoming movies playing in theaters.
Request,Can you help me track my package delivery?
Request,I'd like to see reviews for this product before I buy it.
Request,Could you show me some tutorials on how to fix a leaky faucet?
Request,Is there a way to connect with a live person for assistance?
Request,I'd like to see a list of the top news stories today.
Request,Can you play a song by my favorite artist?
Request,I'd like to see some historical facts about the Roman Empire.
Request,Could you show me a calendar of upcoming events in my city?
Request,Is there a way to change the language settings on this device?
Request,I'd like to see a list of public transportation options available.
Request,Can you help me find a doctor who specializes in allergies?
Request,I'd like to see a list of ingredients for this recipe.